---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appstore-v1_app_installer_list Data Source - appstore-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appstore-v1_app_installer_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `apps` (Attributes List) Apps are the input apps to the installer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--apps))
- `auto_process_requirements` (List of String) AutoProcessRequirements tells the installer what it can do w.r.t. the requirements of an app.
Currently only 'strict' is supported.
- `operation` (String) Operation is the installing operation.
Currently supported are 'install', 'delete'.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.apps`

Optional:

- `app_id` (String) AppID of the app, which is the unique identifier of an app. It should be equal to the group of the app.
- `app_settings` (Attributes) AppSettings defines a list of variables and their value. Only variables that are customised need to be mentioned.
If AppSettings are not again mentioned on upgrade, values will remain as is. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--apps--app_settings))
- `catalog` (String) Catalog of the app to be installed.
This is where app manifest is retrieved from, along with some other metadata.
- `version` (Attributes) Version of the App that is to be installed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--apps--version))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--apps--app_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.apps.app_settings`


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--apps--version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.apps.version`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The version type of the App. Currently supported: semver, commit.
Default is semver.
- `value` (String) The version of the App.
If the VersionType is set to semver,
then the semantic version of the git tag in the form of "apps/<appname>/<semver>" is used.
If the VersionType is set to commit,
then the commit reference (e.g. git hash) is expected.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `error` (String)
- `id` (Number) ID is the workflow ID that can be used to get more information on.
- `result` (String)
