---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appstore-v1_catalog_list Data Source - appstore-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appstore-v1_catalog_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) CatalogSpec defines the desired state of a Catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) CatalogStatus defines the observed state of a Catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `auth_secret_ref` (String) AuthSecretRef is the authentication secret reference, used for authentication.
Must be in the same namespace as the catalog.
- `description` (String) Description is an optional short description of the catalog.
- `refresh_interval` (Number) RefreshInterval tells the controller how often it should check the remote catalog for new updates, in seconds.
Default is 180 seconds. Minimum is 30 seconds for production environments; 10 seconds for test environments.
- `remote_type` (String) RemoteType type of the catalog, only 'git' is supported at the moment.
- `remote_url` (String) RemoteURL is the HTTP(S) remote URL of the catalog. Supported URI schemes: 'https://' and 'http://'.
Default is HTTPS if no scheme is given.
- `skip_tlsverify` (Boolean) SkipTLSVerify skips the validity check for the server's certificate. This will make HTTPS connections insecure.
- `title` (String) Title is an UI-friendly name for the catalog.


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `error` (String) Error denotes the last error that was encountered by the controller.
- `last_refresh_time` (String) LastRefreshTime is the last attempt to refresh the catalog cache by the controller.
- `operational` (Boolean) Operational reports whether the catalog remote is operational.
