---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appstore-v1_registry_list Data Source - appstore-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appstore-v1_registry_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `label_selector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels
- `labelselector` (String) Deprecated: a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) RegistrySpec defines the desired state of a Registry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) RegistryStatus defines the observed state of Registry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `auth_secret_ref` (String) AuthSecretRef is the authentication secret reference, used for authentication.
Must be in the same namespace as the registry.
- `mirror` (String) Mirror registry of the original remote registry.
App store will use the mirror instead of the original registry that is referenced by a registry.
- `remote_url` (String) RemoteURL is the remote URL of the registry. Supported URI schemes: 'https://' and 'http://'.
	Default is HTTPS if no scheme is given.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Skip TLS Verification on connection
- `title` (String) Title is an UI-friendly name for the registry.


<a id="nestedatt--items--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.alarms`

Read-Only:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.deviations`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`

Read-Only:

- `error` (String) Error denotes the last error that was encountered by the controller.
- `reachable` (Boolean) Reachable indicates if the registry is reachable.
