---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appstore-v1_catalog Resource - appstore-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appstore-v1_catalog (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) CatalogSpec defines the desired state of a Catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the Catalog
- `status` (Attributes) CatalogStatus defines the observed state of a Catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Optional:

- `auth_secret_ref` (String) AuthSecretRef is the authentication secret reference, used for authentication.
Must be in the same namespace as the catalog.
- `description` (String) Description is an optional short description of the catalog.
- `refresh_interval` (Number) RefreshInterval tells the controller how often it should check the remote catalog for new updates, in seconds.
Default is 180 seconds. Minimum is 30 seconds for production environments; 10 seconds for test environments.
- `remote_type` (String) RemoteType type of the catalog, only 'git' is supported at the moment.
- `remote_url` (String) RemoteURL is the HTTP(S) remote URL of the catalog. Supported URI schemes: 'https://' and 'http://'.
Default is HTTPS if no scheme is given.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) SkipTLSVerify skips the validity check for the server's certificate. This will make HTTPS connections insecure.
- `title` (String) Title is an UI-friendly name for the catalog.


<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Optional:

- `error` (String) Error denotes the last error that was encountered by the controller.
- `last_refresh_time` (String) LastRefreshTime is the last attempt to refresh the catalog cache by the controller.
- `operational` (Boolean) Operational reports whether the catalog remote is operational.
