---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "appstore-v1_registry Resource - appstore-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# appstore-v1_registry (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata))
- `spec` (Attributes) RegistrySpec defines the desired state of a Registry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--spec))

### Optional

- `alarms` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))
- `api_version` (String)
- `deviations` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--deviations))
- `kind` (String)
- `name` (String) name of the Registry
- `status` (Attributes) RegistryStatus defines the observed state of Registry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--status))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `spec`

Required:

- `remote_url` (String) RemoteURL is the remote URL of the registry. Supported URI schemes: 'https://' and 'http://'.
	Default is HTTPS if no scheme is given.

Optional:

- `auth_secret_ref` (String) AuthSecretRef is the authentication secret reference, used for authentication.
Must be in the same namespace as the registry.
- `mirror` (String) Mirror registry of the original remote registry.
App store will use the mirror instead of the original registry that is referenced by a registry.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Skip TLS Verification on connection
- `title` (String) Title is an UI-friendly name for the registry.


<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Optional:

- `critical` (Number)
- `major` (Number)
- `minor` (Number)
- `warning` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--deviations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `deviations`

Optional:

- `count` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `status`

Required:

- `error` (String) Error denotes the last error that was encountered by the controller.

Optional:

- `reachable` (Boolean) Reachable indicates if the registry is reachable.
